# **Frontend Project for AI Image Generation**

This project is the frontend of a web application that allows users to generate images based on prompts provided through an artificial intelligence API. The setup is done using Vite and vanilla JavaScript.

## **Table of Contents**

- Description
- Requirements
- Installation
- Configuration
- Usage
- Project Structure

## **Description**

The frontend of this application is responsible for sending prompts to a backend via WebSocket and displaying the images generated by the Replicate API in response to these prompts.

## **Requirements**

- Node.js (v14 or higher)
- npm (v6 or higher)

## **Installation**

1. Clone the repository:
    
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/j03rul4nd/GenerateImagesIA.git
    cd your-repo
    ```
    
2. Install the dependencies:
    
    ```bash
    npm install
    ```
    

## **Configuration**

To protect the backend server connection URL from attacks or misuse, create a **`.env`** file at the root of the project and add the backend connection URL:

```
VITE_URL_BACKEND=wss://your-backend-url.com
```

## **Usage**

1. Start the development server:
    
    ```bash
    npm run dev
    ```
    
2. Open your web browser and navigate to **`http://localhost:3000`** (or the port configured in your **`.env`** file).
3. Send a prompt through the interface and watch as the image is generated and displayed on the screen.

## **Project Structure**

The project contains the following important files and directories:

- **`index.html`**: Main HTML file.
- **`main.js`**: Main JavaScript file where the WebSocket connection and user interface logic are handled.
- **`.env`**: File for environment variables, not included in the repository for security reasons.